DOC Add skip nav link to changelog (#812)
silverstripe/developer-docs: en/08_Changelogs/6.2.0.md

## Overview

- [Features and enhancements](#features-and-enhancements)
  - [Accessibility improvements](#accessibility-improvements)
  - [Other new features and enhancements](#other-new)
- [API changes](#api-changes)
- [Bug fixes](#bug-fixes)

## Features and enhancements

### Accessibility improvements

#### Skip nav link added

> A skip link has been added to allow users to skip past the navigation and go straight to the main content. This is primarily for users who use a screen reader or who navigate via the keyboard. The link is visually hidden until it receives focus by pressing the tab key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A skip link has been added to the CMS to allow users to skip past the main navigation. This is primarily for users who use a screen reader or who navigate via the keyboard. The link is visually hidden until it receives focus by pressing the tab key.
```

Author: Updated
